Add ability to suppress optimization warnings (#1459)
hikari-py/hikari: changes/1459.feature.md

> This is done by passing `suppress_optimization_warning=True` to the `GatewayBot` or `RESTBot` constructors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ability to suppress optimization warnings through `suppress_optimization_warning=True` to the `GatewayBot` or `RESTBot` constructors.
```
